# 2022-08-23, 19:00 - Minutes for our first (informal) general meeting
## Future plans
- book club (earthsea, piranesi, etc.)
- book exchanges
- movie nights
- weekly wb/writing prompts
- narrative ttrpgs (beak, feather, & bone; quiet year; the machine; lame mage games; mf0 firebrands)
- *collab wb month/s*
	- we all work together to build a ttrpg setting (writing in-canon literature, planning story, illustrating the world, designing the biology, etc)
	- this setting can be explored in ttrpgs (or even created in ttrpgs)
	- the weekly writing prompts can be *about this setting*
	- after a few years, we'd have an archive of settings we'd created
	- *this will probably just happen once or twice a year*. it's a big thing that'll take a lot of planning
- talks
	- guest speakers? very distant thing and might not even happen

### Feedback
- collab month could be throughout the year with a deadline at the end

---

## Membership
- transition membership from current server-based definition ("membership is defined by full matriculation & being a member of the discord") to the src site
- easier to obtain src grants as they use the number of members we have on the src site for deciding that
- unified membership method with all other societies

### Feedback
- difficult to get grants from sheer membership, particularly when compared to sports socs which'll get more funding, so might not be worth registering for src-site membership
- might not need to move membership to src

---

## Funding
- i don't want to ask for a required membership payment
	- won't feel comfortable asking for one until we've had a year of proving we are a worthwhile society
- *however* if we can take donations that seems great
- i've asked the src if and how we should do this. haven't got back to me yet

### Feedback
- ninsoc does a similar donations thing with a server-role for those who've donated
- we need ROBUST constitutional stuff to prevent embezzling
	- gugs has good example of this
		- treasurer *and* president have joint control. treasurer doesn't have sole control
- we can require payment for certain events
	- can be run through the src site's events

---

## GitHub repo
- great place to store constitution, logo, (anonymised) minutes, etc
- all in .md markdown files. incredibly accessible. just plaintext with extra styling
- version control & ability to see history

---

## Constitutional ammendments
- we (might) need to change the membership definition to be on the src site. *or* we could leave it as it is
- we need a better complaints procedure
- because i am a fool, the committee aren't currently allowed to call egms. we need to ask you if we can, and then if 25% of you say yes, we're able to hold on in 7 days
	- we'd want to change it so that the committee are allowed to call egms, but keep the week between announcing and holding the egm, to (hopefully) make it easier for people to plan around it and attend

---

## Closing
- event suggestion: narrative ttrpg gamejam
